samples: matter: Fix NUS switching. (#10918)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/matter/lock/README.rst

See `Testing door lock using Bluetooth LE with Nordic UART Service`_ for more information about how to test this feature.

.. note::

>    In this sample, there is only one Bluetooth connection available simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In this sample, there is only one Bluetooth LE connection available simultaneously.
```

> .. note::
>    This sample supports one Bluetooth LE connection at a time.
>    Matter commissioning, DFU, and NUS over Bluetooth LE have to be run separately.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note::
   This sample supports one Bluetooth LE connection at a time.
   Matter commissioning, DFU, and NUS over Bluetooth LE must be run separately.
```
All good, but I would place this in line 223, with appropriate empty lines before and after.

The Bluetooth LE connection between a phone and the DK will be suspended when the commissioning to the Matter network is in progress or there is an active session of SMP DFU.

> To read the current door lock state from the device, read Bluetooth LE RX characteristic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To read the current door lock state from the device, read the Bluetooth LE RX characteristic.
```

> The new lock state is updated after changing the state from any of the following source: NUS, buttons, Matter stack.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The new lock state is updated after changing the state from any of the following sources: NUS, buttons, Matter stack.
```

The Bluetooth LE connection between a phone and the DK will be suspended when the commissioning to the Matter network is in progress or there is an active session of SMP DFU.

> To read the current door lock state from the device, read RX Bluetooth LE characteristics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To read the current door lock state from the device, read Bluetooth LE RX characteristic.
```
